[Music]
i thought your mama was gonna be all
right
be happy i know
i could have done better but you you got
to decide
you want to be somebody or not
i've been doing real good i just had a
down
month i got an interview tomorrow mom
otherwise i
know you know me i always land on my
feet
[Music]
don't look at that come on come on don't
you look at you look at me
and you look at me you let her get away
with this every time
i told you that i would do better you
always say that you're lying
always try you got to think about these
kids what do you think i've been
thinking about since i was 18 years old
huh
never had a life where i wasn't thinking
about the kids
do you actually want to be dead mom are
you just too lazy to try
yeah i tried plenty
you've always got a reason it's always
someone else's fault
some point you're gonna have to take
responsibility or someone else is gonna
have to
step in
you
hasta la vista baby
how many times you've seen this oh about
a hundred
everyone in this world is one of three
kinds good terminator
a bad terminator and neutral you're a
good terminator
well i wouldn't always i had to learn
you could do it i love you
i promise that i'm gonna do better
candy you got to write your own life
don't make us your excuse jd family's
the only thing that means a goddamn
you learn it
[Music]
you